Fix linux tutorial: cloning example policies and set of default policies for a node (#295)
ros2/sros2: README.md

> This package provides the tools and instructions to use ROS2 on top of DDS-Security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides the tools and instructions to use ROS 2 on top of DDS-Security.
```
